Clarify presence router docs. (#16529)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/modules/presence_router_callbacks.md

# Presence router callbacks

Presence router callbacks allow module developers to define additional users

> which receive updates presence updates from local users. The additional users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which receive presence updates from local users. The additional users
```

can be local or remote.

> For example, it could be used to have `alice` receive all presence updates from
> `bob` even though they don't share a room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, it could be used to direct all of `@alice:example.com` (a local user)'s presence updates to
`@bob:matrix.org` (a remote user), even though they don't share a room.
```

Just to demonstrate that this works over federation.

However, I believe you would need a `PresenceRouter` module on both homeservers, as while in this example `matrix.org` would receive and store `@alice:example.com`'s presence updates, Bob would not actually get Alice's presence updates in his `/sync` stream unless they shared a room, or a PresenceRouter module said he should.
